topydo: add page (#5017)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/topydo.md

# topydo

> > A powerful todo list application using the todo.txt format.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> A todo list application that uses the todo.txt format.
```

Generally we try to avoid subjective terms. Is there another adjective to describe it with (e.g. advanced perhaps?)

Author: I copied this sentence from [github/topydo](https://github.com/topydo/topydo). I think advanced does describe it much better.

> More information: <https://github.com/topydo/topydo>.

> - Add todo to the project "tldr" and the context "github":
> 
> `topydo add "merge pull request +tldr @github"`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better? Also, missing `{{token_syntax}}`?
```suggestion
- Add s todo to a specific project with a given context:

`topydo add "{{todo_message}} +{{project_name}} @{{context_name}}"`
```

Reviewer 2: There is a typo:
```suggestion
- Add a todo to a specific project with a given context:

`topydo add "{{todo_message}} +{{project_name}} @{{context_name}}"`
```

> - Add todo which should be done till tomorow with a "A" priority:
> 
> `topydo add "(A) call mom due:1d"`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Add a todo with a due date of tomorrow with a priority of `A`:

`topydo add "(A) {{todo _message}} due:{{1d}}"`
```

Are there any other priorities here we could add? We could use the syntax `{{foo|bar|baz}}` for example.

> - Add todo which should be done till friday:
> 
> `topydo add " due:fri"`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Add a todo with a due date of friday:

`topydo add "{{todo_message}} due:{{fri}}"`
```

> - Add non-strict repeating todo (next due = now + rec):
> 
> `topydo add "water flowers due:mon rec:1w"`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Add a non-strict repeating todo (next due = now + rec):

`topydo add "water flowers due:{{mon}} rec:{{1w}}"`
```

> - Add strict repeating todo (next due = currentdue + rec):
> 
> `topydo add "pay rent due:2020-01-01 rec:+1m"`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Add a strict repeating todo (next due = currentdue + rec):

`topydo add "{{todo_message}} due:{{2020-01-01}} rec:{{+1m}}"`
```

> - Undo last topydo command:
> 
> `topydo revert`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Revert the last `topydo` command executed:

`topydo revert`
```
